The lampshade was a delicate butterfly yellow, the color of summer sunshine and daffodils. It was made of the finest silk, with a fringe of lace around the bottom. It was a beautiful lampshade, and it had been a gift from her grandmother.
The peanut was small and brown, and it lay on the floor next to the lamp. It had probably been there for weeks, unnoticed. But now, it was the only thing she could see.
She stared at the peanut, and then at the lampshade. She knew she should get up and move the peanut out of the way. But she couldn't. She was frozen, her mind racing.
What if the peanut was a bomb? What if it was going to explode and destroy the beautiful lampshade? She couldn't let that happen.
But what if it was just a peanut? A harmless peanut that had been on the floor for weeks?
She didn't know what to do. She was paralyzed by indecision.
That was the point where she decided to bring in the bomb squad to defuse the peanut.
The bomb squad arrived quickly, and within minutes, they had determined that the peanut was not a bomb. It was just a peanut.
The woman was relieved, but also embarrassed. She had overreacted, and she knew it.
The bomb squad left, and she was left alone with her thoughts. She knew she needed to get rid of the peanut, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. It was like it was mocking her, telling her that she was a coward.
She decided to leave it there, as a reminder of the time when she had been afraid of a harmless peanut.
But was the peanut really that harmless to her? She might have been allergic to it.
The woman stood there for a moment, looking at the peanut. She knew she should get rid of it, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. It was like it was mocking her, telling her that she was a coward.
She decided to leave it there, as a reminder of the time when she had been afraid of a harmless peanut.
But was the peanut really that harmless to her? She might have been allergic to it.
The woman knew she needed to find out if she was allergic to peanuts, so she went to the doctor. The doctor did a skin test, and it turns out that the woman was allergic to peanuts.
If she had eaten that peanut, it could have
The woman was relieved to find out that she was not allergic to peanuts after all. She laughed at herself for being so afraid of something so harmless.
But then she realized that the peanut could have been deadly to someone who was allergic to it. She was glad that she had been so cautious and called the bomb squad.
She learned that day that it is always better to be safe than sorry.